translated README_ja.md to README_en.md (#86)
furukawa-laboratory/somf: README_en.md

> # What is this?

Reviewer: 日本語verのリンクもこうやって書いとくと良いと思う（リンクはちゃんと通しといてください）
```suggestion
Japanese README is [here]()
# What is this?
```

> This repository is Python implementation program of SOM(Self-Organaizing Map)and its derived algorithms that we open to publish

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository is Python implementation program of SOM(Self-Organaizing Map) and its derived algorithms that we open to pubic
```

> This repository is operated by Furukawa Laboratory of Kyushu Institute of Technology. Our laboratory has developed a machine learning algorithm based on SOM that is useful for knowledge discovery from data.In this repository, not only the basic SOM, but also the implementation of the algorithm that developed in this laboratory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository is operated by Furukawa Laboratory of Kyushu Institute of Technology. Our laboratory has developed a machine learning algorithm based on SOM that is useful for knowledge discovery from data. In this repository, there is not only the basic SOM, but also the implementations of the related algorithms that were developed in this laboratory.
```

> This repository was originally maintained as private in order to share the algorithm in our laboratory, but this time it has been made public. We are currently working on the release as a library. Of course, contributions from outsiders are very welcome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository was originally maintained as private in order to share the algorithms in our laboratory, but it has been decided to make it public and are currently working on the release of a Python library. Of course, contributions from outsiders are very welcome.
```

# What is SOM?

> SOM is a type of neural network, and is a widely used algorithm for visualization and modeling of high dimensional data. It has existed since ancient times, there are aspects that are also related to algorithms for machine learning and deep learning that show upsurge recently. Please refer to the [document](http://www.brain.kyutech.ac.jp/~furukawa/data/SOMtext.pdf) published by our laboratory for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SOM is a type of neural network, and is a widely used algorithm for visualization and modeling of high dimensional data. It has existed since ancient times, there are aspects that are also related to algorithms for machine learning and deep learning that show upsurge recently. Please refer to the [document](http://www.brain.kyutech.ac.jp/~furukawa/data/SOMtext.pdf) published by our laboratory for details (Japanese only).
```

Reviewer: 日本語だけだよーって後ろに書いといた！

> SOM is a type of neural network, and is a widely used algorithm for visualization and modeling of high dimensional data. It has existed since ancient times, there are aspects that are also related to algorithms for machine learning and deep learning that show upsurge recently. Please refer to the [document](http://www.brain.kyutech.ac.jp/~furukawa/data/SOMtext.pdf) published by our laboratory for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SOM is a type of neural network, and is a widely used algorithm for visualization and modeling of high dimensional data. If the basic algorithm has been around for a few decades, some aspects of machine learning and deep learning that showed up recently suggest new interesting improvements. Please refer to the [document](http://www.brain.kyutech.ac.jp/~furukawa/data/SOMtext.pdf) published by our laboratory for details.
```

Not sure what you want to say here, so I am editing it to fit what I think is the idea but we would have to discuss it.

# Currently published code

## Algorithms
- SOM（batch type）
   - tensorflow ver
   - numpy ver
- [CCA-SOM](https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/article/jsoft/30/2/30_525/_article/-char/ja)（SOM corresponded with multi-view data）

> - [tensor-SOM](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893608016000149)（SOM corresponded with tensor data）

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [tensor-SOM](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893608016000149)（SOM corresponded with tensor data, [Demo](http://www.brain.kyutech.ac.jp/~furukawa/tsom-e/)）
```

Reviewer: デモへのリンクを足した！
